I'll just review what we did in our last meeting. under marketing we targeted our audience,. then we considered some design options with how it should look,
So I've been looking at the components design. so we need some custom design parts, and other parts we'll just use standard. I assume we'll be custom designing our case,. And we'll need to custom desi design a circuit board,. standard parts include the buttons and the wheels, the iPod-style wheel. And al we also need a beeper or buzzer or other sort of noise thing for locating the remote. we can use rubber, plastic, wood or titanium. I'd recommend against titanium. and the rubber case requires rubber buttons, so if we definitely want plastic buttons, we shouldn't have a rubber case. well we can use wood. I don't know why we'd want to. and also we should note that if we want an iPod-style wheel button, it's gonna require a qu slightly more expensive chip.
Can I do next? 'Cause I have to say something about the material. and the findings are that the first thing to aim for is a fashion, fancy look and feel. Next comes technologic technology and the innovations to do with that. And th last thing is the easy to use factor. our fashion-watchers in Milan and Paris have decided, well noticed, that the fruit and vegetable theme is the is the current trend. So we want to put the fashion electronics, we need to go fruit and vegetables. And also go for a spongy feel,. I don't know how spongy can be achieved but apparently that's the way to go. I I have been thinking about this fruit and vegetable thing and I prefer fruits to vegetables,. should we print the fruit stuff, or should the actual remote look like a fruit?
We're gonna try to talk about, what kind of how people are actually going to be using this iPod-ish remote control, based on fruit vegetable design. And,, basically, so, this is a touched ba a touch-based graphical interface system. so people are going to be looking at this little screen. I mean I assume, are we still on the screen idea? it seems like you would need a screen.
But the screen can come up on the telly, the she said.
Okay so if we're not gonna have a screen I think. So basically it's just gonna be a wheel then? I guess that's wh why I was thinking you may need to have some kind of a screen. So that people can go arou go back and forth and choose if. I can see like some kind of a thing where like you sort of have like the number come up on the TV like what channel you're on. I mean so you basically just kinda need to figure out like what kind of, you know, range we need to have on the wheel,. And then there's also the concern about you know how do you get to the menu if you wanna change the brightness of your television,
You have to get a an advanced chip if you wanna have a screen in,. which is more expensive than the regular chip, which is more expensive than the minimal.
That, like, then you hit that and then you can it brings up like the menu on the TV. Yeah, well we don't want the screen I guess,
I mean, if you're thinking of the design of it now, like the a you know, physical attributes,. I mean are you you gonna have any buttons on that besides power and this thing? So can we imagine that this would be smaller than the remote controls that you showed us before.
Like, I think we're looking at something that could be, like like even maybe like a cir I'm I'm seeing almost like a circular sort of like handheld like thing.
W when we had the wheely remote control, we it was on the top I think, if you held it like that.
What if,, you had like a a cover that went over buttons that you don't use very much? So I guess we have to look into the,, like, the programming, how this how they actually programme these things, and if that's
Oh how they make the menu show up on the TV? I believe it's ins it's gotta be inside the TV, not inside the remote.
But also if you have it on the screen you can actually write everything out,. What are we going to do about this vegetable thing that I'm dreading?
One of the material options is a sort of rubber that's in like those stress ball things.
But what if we ha what if we had like a spongy sort of like stress balley kinda
You could just have covers and then your mobile it's like a mobile phone thing.
You could do like the computers where they have like the grapefruit, apple machine and they have like the blueberry, like all the colours are named after fruits.
If you have like that stress ball material kind of as what you're actually holding in your hand,. and then there's more of a hard plastic thing where that thing is. And on that hard plastic thing you can change either the colour or the fruit or vegetable that's on there.
See you're thinking, it's weird, you're thinking the opposite of me. Because I was thinking if you have a cover for the squashy bit,
Oh so so you're saying the squishy part's like detachable,. so so maybe one you know you can have like the broccoli squishy thing, and then you could have like the banana squishy thing
And for now we can do two prototypes maybe
So where are the fruit and vegetables now?
I guess they would be either in the colour of that plastic face on the front, or in the colour of the squishy thing underneath.
We we should have the logo somewhere on it.
I think the batteries would have to go right under the plastic case. we actually had an option of batteries, solar power, and a dynamo,
Oh, a dynamo is ah, it's a bicycle. It's a bicycle mechanism.
Yeah, the other one was the other one was a kinetic thing where you'd basically have to wind it yourself. So I sort of picked battery.
No. But dynamo the the fact with dynamo is, the moment you move it, it it creates energy on its own. So if you throw it, it's gonna store loads of energy, and you don't need to buy a battery 'cause they're quite I find them annoying. But we need to find cost. Does anyone have costs on the on the web?
All it said was it gave sort of relative, some chips are more expensive than others, sort of things. It didn't give me any actual cost. Like the chip is probably the most expensive part.
Oh when we move on, you two are going to be playing with play-dough. and working on the look and feel of the design and user interface design. And you're gonna be doing protu product evaluation.